# PADEL TOURNAMENTS
#### Video Demo:  
https://youtu.be/WC30MBwyPm8
#### Description: 
My CS50 project is called Padel Tournaments, and it's a website where the main goals are: to create new tournaments,  view tournaments already created, and register themselves and their teammates. To do that, the users register on the website with a username and password, giving some information, like their name, age, gender, level, and mix level. Only users older than sixteen years old are allowed to register on the website. If some information are missing, an error message will appear. Other error can occur, like if the username already exists, the password is different from the confirmation or information like the age, the levels or gender are not one of the possibilities shown to the user.
After being registered, the users can log in the website, where they will find the profile page, that contains the information that the user gave about himself. The user can update this information or change his password. 
If the user wants to update the information, he can click on the respective button, and all the information that he had will appear, so he can update only the information he wants. If any of the errors i talked before appear, it will be shown an error message again as before.
If the user wants to change the password, he just have to go to that page, write the old password and the new password twice.
Clicking on the create new tournament button, the user will go to the new tournament page, where he has to give some information like the club name, the level and the gender of the tournament, how many slots, the date that the tournament occurs, the last day to register and a description of the tournament. Here, the same error will appear if some information are missing and if the level or gender are not one of the possibilities shown. The slots have to be more than four, and both the tournament date and the register date for the tournament must be after the day that the tournament is created, the register day also has to be before the date of the tournament, so the users cant have to register or deregister before the day of the tournament.
On the tournaments page, the user can see the tournaments already created and some basic information about them. Then, if the user was the one who created the tournament he can eliminate the tournament clicking on eliminate button in the dropdown arrow, or change the tournament information clicking on the update button, and the user will go to the update toournament page, where all the information about the tournament is given, and all the possible errors talked before has to be take into account.
If the user was not the one who created the website, then he can only see more about the tournaments that are already there, he can click on the view button for the tournament he wants to check, and there, he will see more information about the tournament, which players are already registered in the tournament, and lastly he can register himself. To register for a tournament, the user has to do it until the last day to register. Then, the user has to give a teammate username, and both have to be of the same level and gender of the tournament. So, if it is a tournament level 3 for males, only users males of level 3 can register in the tournament. If the tournament is a mix, then, one of the teammates has to be a male and the other one a female, and like before, both of the same level of the tournament.
Only the users can register or deregister themselves and their partners from the tournament. If the registration date is over, its not possible to register or deregister themself from the tournament.
When the tournament is full, it will appear a message on the page that saying it, and it will not be possible to register more users in this tournament, it will only be possible to deregister them.